# CosmicDan Minecraft Mod License v1.0

By using this mod in any shape or form - where "using" includes viewing any of the source code or downloading any compiled product of it - you agree to the following license agreement in its entirety.

All code and asset contributors to this mod **MUST** sign a Contributor Licensing Agreement as detailed in the CONTRIBUTING.md file.

## Definitions

* *Configuration files* refers to any runtime-produced files existing under the config/ folder of your Minecraft instance.
* *Add-on* refers to any mod that has a dependency on this mod which modifies or augments this mod's content in any way.
* *API* or *the API* refers to any and all code under the com.cosmicdan.[modid].api package path within this mod, if any.



## Basics

  * You **MAY** freely use/distribute any configuration files generated by this mod.
  * You **MAY** freely use/distribute the API of this mod as you see fit as it is considered 'unlicensed'; assuming you adhere to any public domain law for your region. 
  * You **MAY** install this mod on multiplayer servers and are **PERMITTED** to earn revenue as you desire from server usage fees, donations, sold services, or anything else you can come up with as long as it pertains to the operation of the server and does not violate the Minecraft EULA nor any of the other stated terms of this license.
  * You **MAY NOT** use this mod to generate revenue for yourself except in the case listed above.
  * You **MAY NOT** decompile, recompile or otherwise modify this mod except for cases listed below in the *Source Code* section.
  * You **MAY NOT REDISTRIBUTE** the mod without complying with either the *Distribution* or *Mod Packs* sections described below. *Note that Curse mod packs are not included in this restriction.*

## Derivatives

  * You **MAY** create, publish, share and earn revenue from a **resource pack** designed for this mod in any way you see fit, so long as it contains no original code from this mod. If the resource pack is based on any resources from the mod, it MUST contain appropriate attribution as taken from the CONTRIBUTOR-CREDITS.txt file from this repository.
  * You **MAY** create, publish, and earn revenue from any **add-on** you create for this mod...
      * ...if based on the mod API however you see fit;
      * ...if based on the mod source code **ONLY** if it complies with the *Source Code* section below;
      * ...if based on the resources/assets of this mod **ONLY** if it references the mod resource/asset via your add-on code **OR** is **NOT LISTED** in CONTRIBUTOR-CREDITS.txt as "No Derivatives" and also complies with any additional requirements from the same file, if present.
  * If you create an add-on for this mod, you **HAVE** granted CosmicDan the right to implement functionally-identical capability into the mod itself without seeking your permission. In the event that the capability actually uses code derived from the add-on, however, your permission **WILL** be requested.
  * You **MAY** create, publish, and earn revenue from **videos** - including guides, showcases or "Let's Play" videos - that display all or part of this mod. It is appreciated, though not required, if you provided a link to the mod's Curse page.
  * You **MAY** create, publish, and earn revenue from **maps** that require this mod. You may distribute the mod with your map if you meet the *Distribution* and/or *Mod Packs* requirements listed below, where relevant, otherwise you must provide your users with a link to the mod's Curse page for them to download themselves.

## Distribution
  * You **MAY NOT PUBLICLY** distribute this mod on any site, forum or network/distribution system without CosmicDan's explicit permission, excluding situations which comply to the *Mod Packs* requirements described below.
  * You **MAY PRIVATELY** share the file directly to friends or in some other non-public, direct-to-user method for the purposes of private multiplayer games, however you **MUST** link them to THIS license. It would be appreciated, however, if you instead linked them directly to the Curse page for the mod.
  * You **MAY NOT** distribute alpha, beta or other development builds - i.e. files with ALPHA, BETA or DEV in their version code. **NO EXCEPTIONS**. These pre-releases may ONLY be distributed by CosmicDan.

## Mod Packs

This section pertains **ONLY** to publicly available and distributed mod packs. The section does not apply to private packs nor Curse-hosted mod packs.

* You are **REQUIRED** to **PUBLICLY** post a license/permissions page with entries for all the mods currently in your mod pack (links to licenses, images of PMs, posts from developers, etc.). This is the single most important requirement you must meet. If you cannot or will not do this, you cannot use this mod in your mod pack.
* You **MAY NOT** sell the mod pack.
* You **MUST** provide a link to the mod's Curse page on any of your website/wiki/forum post or other web content pertaining to the mod pack description.
* You **MAY NOT** use the latest minor version of the mod (where the versioning format is <major.minor.revision>) until a newer minor version is released **OR** one week has passed since the **MOST RECENT** revision was released. This is to protect the users from unstable versions. For example - if the mod version 1.1.2 was released, you must wait until either 1.2.0 is released before you can use that 1.1.2 version *OR* one week after that 1.1.2 revision was released AS LONG AS there was no 1.1.3 (or 1.1.4, etc.) revision during that one week since.

## Source code

  * You **MAY NOT** create any works based on this mod code - neither source nor reverse-engineered - without CosmicDan's explicit permission, except in the cases listed elsewhere in this license.

  * You **MAY NOT** compile jars from this mod source (or forks thereof) to distribute to other users.

  * You **MAY** use snippets of the mod code from the mod's GitHub repo (not the private/patreon-only development repo's on BitBucket) in your own projects, but only if *your project* consists of less than 25% of code derived from *all* of CosmicDan's mods. You **MUST** give credit and link to this mod repo for the code used, including class/method javadoc and a README or LICENSE file.

  * You **MAY** fork and edit the GitHub Project for the purpose of contributing to the official mod project **ONLY**.

    ​    

This license was based on the Railcraft Mod license. Big thanks to CovertJaguar.